I don't suppose you're interesting in bringing a scottylabs-style skillswap to SF? Typical engineers. A room full of them, and none of them said anything about my new haircut. #hackbright #irony I've been known to imbibe, and we should absolutely get together before the next round of madness starts in earnest. How's Tuesday? Now is as good a time as any to break my radio silence on what I've been up to: Parsing irony: I read that as, "Arg, parsing in python is terrible." The deadline for applications are coming up, here's the tongue-in-cheek unofficial faq: Alex, I'll amend it if you want to give me the facts. Apparently We're Not Ready to Be Adults About Anything I don't suppose anyone knows how to transfer a pycon registration from one person to another. OH: "If you can put an axe through it, it's hardware; if you *want* to put an axe through it, it's software." Basic Rule: If there is a meaningful way to "parse" a string, that string should be a data structure. Example: Programs a ... Most attempts to be hip while marketing to developers fall flat, but this made me smile: Good job, newrelic. Now now, GIMP is only insufficient if you need CMYK colors or a GUI that doesn't induce migraines. Everywhere I look, I see people falling prey to confirmation bias. Just as I suspected. CSS IS AWESOME Huh, how in the world did that happen. I suppose it's password-changing time. Honestly, I'd probably watch that if you were on it. I said the rate of change of vector direction over time, yo. Add linear algebra to that. #dotproduct4lyfe There are few horrors like waking up at midnight and having to filet a bunch of gross eels before going back to bed. "Girls of color" is this demographic that is less than 1%-3% represented in technology and STEM fields. yeah I’m down with the selector support but I feel like we kneecapped our ability to debug issues with jQuery including properly Senraku’s Gyoa Tofu is weird and amazing. :( While that is useful I feel like it will only serve to confuse new developers. Am I crazy? Does this say that $ in CDT is aliased to document.querySelector? If I don't have jQuery I can still $? In the dictionary, under "mansplain" there's Rick Perry telling Wendy Davis that her single motherhood should've taught her … Also, according to my new catchphrase is “In theory….” I am OK with this, both in theory and in practice! “what globals?” - exactly. *waves hand like yoda* what globals? Listening to talk about #python’s global variable things. I hate this crap. One last time: Privilege means never having to wonder if your Constitutional rights are about to change in the next 30 minut… REMINDER: House Republicans spent hundreds of millions of dollars fighting for DOMA because both parties are the same. S] Black married homosexual couples now have the same right as black married heterosexual couples to have their voting ri… yeah usually 3 or 4 per class are on some kind of visa, but email with Qs on that. All the single ladies can like it, and put a ring on each other now! Yay Supreme Court! #marriageequality Gittip is becoming sustainable: people are earning as much as $1200/month. Apparently can't write "?" properly. This is my new mantra, as designated by her. often enough to have a silly rule about it. If you wear the same shirt to you have to pair. Them’s the rules. My phone is dead on cellular, so iMessage or DM me if you need something. (Photo Gallery) This is what young, inspired female engineers look like! #FF #changetheratio To get more MOMS in tech, offers scholarship for a mom to learn to code THIS FALL! Learn more: Leadership is not an end, but a means to achieving something beyond yourself - interview with 9 out of 15 are girls--yeah !! Google Science Fair Finalists announced! Awesome projects! What's your fave? Balloonicorn love at w/ former software engineer in town from NYC! ATTN MOMS! Learn to code w/ a Facebook scholarship to onramp back into a tech career! Apply by July 20th: HTTPSTER is our newest instructor! My sister is moving to AUSTIN seeking dog-friendly housing for 7/1 move-in! Any leads? Pls email: angiechang@gmail.com THX! Pinterest Engineering Engineer Tracy Chou talks about getting started Wanted to stay in NYC, but convinced me to make the move to SF. Excited to join the platform team as a software… Pictures from last night's Mentor/Mentee Mixer are up on Facebook page here: Hint: "Li… useful blog post =&gt; If you aren’t getting rejected on a daily basis, your goals aren’t ambitious enough My mentee from last class, had many offers accepted a SWE job at Truila. She's a superstar! #changeth… great job getting together such wonderful mentors and students. Just one meeting and I'm already impressed with… Stoked to be a mentor with this summer. Excited to be a mentor at the Academy. My mentee is pretty chill, should be fun. Had great time meeting mentors and students and unicorns Super stoked to be a mentor! My mentee is amazing, and everyone I met tonight was so inspiring. .@Hackbright really makes me wish I could learn to program all over again. I’m a little jealous! Really excited to mentor a student again! Can't wait to see what she builds. yea! I swapped over and been advocating for folks to update their phone settings for a while now :) Monday is going to be hot hot hot I've been wondering the same thing. I'm not even sure there is anyone left to be running the twitter acct I've started endorsing people for "Endorsing" apparently folks don't like that. I'm coming up on the 5 year pro mark ( 10 + general hackery- don't judge it was php) and have found teaching others to help alot! A PM at Quora emailed me to ask why I like Medium. I said I'd be happy to answer their question but first please log in and… stop by an apple store and see if they will replace them. I know several people who have been able to get a new pair free I've noticed something similar. People keep talking about awesome Chinese or Indian in the South Bay I hope doesn't think if it ignores sexual-assault book complaints people will stop tweeting right … "@GitHub is your really nerdy stream. It's not your resume, nobody cares that it's clean or there's old code." it looks like people have already responded, but make sure you don't get the prevalidated ones if you're buying more than 1 :) Hackbright is looking for mentors! Go and apply for the chance to work with some really bright ladies! congrats Andree!! Its not as if the NSA were mass downloading articles from JSTOR. have you read the old kingdom series by Garth nix? Not quite the same but really good! Happy Father's Day to all the dads who know better than to spend this Sunday on Twitter. At my brother's navy commissioning and it turns out 1/2 the newly minted ensigns are women "there are unusual cases where a ZIP code crosses state boundaries, such as …" clips in the city!! You're brave! Last day today, sad to leave such a brilliant team, but super excited to start next week! What's Pinteresting About Engineering via Great post by my mentor and general badass Down-To-Earth Successful Entrepreneur and Engineer Selina Explains It All via check out - they're awesome Check out this one week UI/UX Intensive at Hackbright Academy. via Awesome Daft Punk remix + great startup via SF-based software engineers wanted to MENTOR new software engineers this summer! Apply #changetheratio thanks Kelley! likewise DP! Excited for the new updates - see you in SF! I'm so bummed I missed it! On my way back from LA... SWEs CTOs! MENTOR a new female software engineer this summer! Sign up to be a mentor: How to Live in San Francisco on A Year via Feeling nostalgic... Where it all started! #@hackbright (at "As a software engineer, I find a lot of the projects in Silicon Valley frivolous - where can I do meaningful work?" will likely acquire because it's "a lot nicer" than and still exists #lol #what More about Facebook-sponsored scholarship for moms who want to get back into tech careers: Year 1 of the Revolution From Novice to Skilled Developer by Co-Founder I'm thrilled to be involved - looking forward to this summer! (Video) A glimpse at Career Day for graduating students to impress engineering managers/recruiters! Lyft makes its East Coast debut in Boston by They're out of contract on Sunday. Could be a strike on Monday morning. Good times. Before and after: a still life. Congrats! *Kermit flail* Pretty sure the construction upstairs has moved on to concrete saws and what sounds like handheld jackhammers. Gonna be a fun day. Ending the day on an up note, I'm so happy for the three couples I know who got married in 2008 to finally have their marriages back again. Ebay. I got 5 cables for something like $15. Spread them everywhere my old cables lived. I have a spoiled rotten fussy dog. But she might tolerate the swamp cooler. Will give that a shot. So, yeah. 10 minutes later and the window is closed. Two minutes after that, the dog is asleep. Goddammit. It's hot in here. Well, at least it's a cool picture... Almost 80 degrees in the house. Going to try to sleep with the window open. I expect this won't sit well with the creature. Wish me luck. for you. :) Seibel's 1st Law of Debugging: The longer and more ridiculous the debugging session, the stupider the bug will eventually … Nice! How are you settling in? Saw this and thought of you: :) Shoot for 5, maybe you'll hit 10. :) Not sure it does what you want either. Interesting question, though. You want the tweet, or a link that's in the tweet? You can favorite a tweet as a bookmark. echofon has the ability to save links. Turns out when the first thing you see in the morning is a GIANT SPIDER waltzing toward your face it is very easy to wake up. Are you in the Bay Area? Can't recommend highly enough. Hope she gets better soon! it smells like trash in sf today. gross. omg. YES you clearly just don't get me. Cryptogams the NSA via "Girls of color" is this demographic that is less than 1%-3% represented in technology and STEM fields. the 70s are calling. they're glad i took their pants. hahaha thanks annie! exactly. i feel this was a success. also no idea why that picture ended up sideways. sigh. haha um...i don't even know what to say. this is what i'm wearing today. this is better for tgif-ing to. that was amazing. Haha YES proof of your barnard hatred. Knew it. "You're drunk. Bam. I hit ya. I hit ya." - "People kept fedding me alcohol." - (yes, he said fedding.) You don't know about me / But I bet you want to / Because you know there's more to a woman / Than her appearance / And … Google makes a surprising move on medical marijuana amy. i love you. you don't even know. this is one of my fave songs. that's awesome!